Add GitHub Actions information, and fixes some syntax highlighting (#209)
aau-giraf/wiki: docs/development/continuous_integration/github_actions.md

# GitHub Actions

> The currently used Continous Integration Pipeline is GitHub Action, which provides 2.000 minutes free per month, running on either Ubuntu, MacOS or Windows, allowing us to test multiple platforms from our CI-Platform without cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The currently used Continuous Integration Pipeline is GitHub Actions, which provides 2.000 minutes free per month, running on either Ubuntu, MacOS or Windows, allowing us to test multiple platforms from our CI-Platform without cost.
```

## Weekplanner

> The weekplanner built in 4 jobs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The weekplanner is built in 4 jobs:
```

 - `build-and-test-android`
 - `build-and-test-ios`
 - `deploy-to-playstore`

>  - `deploy-to-appstore`

Reviewer 2: Could it be an idea to link directly to the files in this list?

> Of these jobs, the `build-and-test-android` job runs `flutter test` and `flutter build appbundle`, is run across all platforms, and produces an appbundle file, ready for upload to Google Play Store, in the `deploy-to-playstore`-task, which is dependent on this task, and furthermore only runs on master.

Reviewer 2: Very long sentence. Hard to follow

> Due to the buildability, and iOS build requires XCode as a depedency, task `build-and-test-ios` only runs on MacOS, and produces a `app.ipa`-file, iOS App Store Package, and prepares this for `deploy-to-appstore`, that uploads a build to our App Store Connect-account, which can be pushed to internal test, or into release state.

Reviewer 2: Also very long and could be difficult to understand for new students.

> Due to the buildability, and iOS build requires XCode as a depedency, task `build-and-test-ios` only runs on MacOS, and produces a `app.ipa`-file, iOS App Store Package, and prepares this for `deploy-to-appstore`, that uploads a build to our App Store Connect-account, which can be pushed to internal test, or into release state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the buildability, and the fact that iOS build requires XCode as a dependency, task `build-and-test-ios` only runs on MacOS, and produces an `app.ipa`-file, iOS App Store Package, and prepares this for `deploy-to-appstore`, which uploads a build to our App Store Connect-account, which can be pushed to internal test, or into release state.
```

This task also runs only on `master`-branch

## api_client
The testing-suite for the api_client is a bit more simple, it runs `flutter analyze`, and `flutter test`, to ensure tests and linting is passing.

## web-api
Similar to the api_client, the web-api suite runs by building a dotnet system in Release mode, to ensure deployability, and then runs `dotnet test`, to run the embedded GirafRest.Test project and the unit tests contained.

### Docker Hub
In addition to running unit tests in GitHub Actions, when pushed to `develop`- or `master`-branches Docker Hub picks up a webhook, and starts a build of the embedded Dockerfile, and tags this accordingly as either:

 - develop-1-aspnet
 - master-1-aspnet

> When deploying into the [production swarm](../../server_administration/PractiaclDocker), these images are pulled into DEV and PROD environments accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying into the [production swarm](../../server_administration/PracticalDocker), these images are pulled into DEV and PROD environments accordingly.
```

Reviewer: the file should be renamed

## wiki

> As the wiki is currently built using MKDocs, this repository is setup with a GitHub Actions script to build the source-files, markdown, into a static HTML page, and push this into the GitHub Pages-environment, allowing it to be reachable at [http://giraf-aau.github.io/wiki](giraf-aau.github.io/wiki).

Reviewer 2: Compared to the others, this one is very general.

> As the wiki is currently built using MKDocs, this repository is setup with a GitHub Actions script to build the source-files, markdown, into a static HTML page, and push this into the GitHub Pages-environment, allowing it to be reachable at [http://giraf-aau.github.io/wiki](giraf-aau.github.io/wiki).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the wiki is currently built using MKDocs, this repository is set up with a GitHub Actions script to build the source files, markdown, into a static HTML page, and push this into the GitHub Pages-environment, allowing it to be reachable at [http://giraf-aau.github.io/wiki](giraf-aau.github.io/wiki).
```
